Documentation

Dependencies:
	P5JS - Animation library
	Jquery
	JqueryUI - Animation Library (used for hiding/revealing sidebar menu items)
	SoundCloud - Sound Library
	MarkerClusterer - Clustering library (clusters the marks on the map as you zoom out)
	Google Maps API - Version 3.25
	flickity - A Javascript image carousel library

File Structure:

This is a 2 page static website. The first page is the home page and the other page sits in the pictures folder and contains the files for the 'behind the scenes' page. Below is the file structure for the website.

	CSS
		Main.css - General styling for the page
		MenuSlide.css - css animation styling for menu sliding effect
		SideBar.css - Sidebar styling
	JS
		Main.js - Javascript logic for google maps, markers, SoundCloud, button interaction 
		Sketch.js - P5JS animation logic ( Bird animations)
		togglemenu.js - Helper function for toggling the menu
		classie.js - custom Javascript function used in toggleMenu.js

	Pictures:
		CSS
			Main.css - General styling for the  behind the scenes page
			MenuSlide.css - css animation styling for menu sliding effect
			SideBar.css - Sidebar styling
		JS
			Main.js - launches flickity - the animation library
			togglemenu.js - Helper function for toggling the menu.
			classie.js - custom Javascript function used in toggleMenu.js
		Index.html - html markup for the behing the scenes page.

	img - Folder containing icon images used in the website.

	Index.html - html markup for the main html page.


Quick Start: 
	Adding a mark/song 

		First upload the sound to soundcloud and retrieve the trackID, a string of numbers identifying the song. To get the trackID, go to soundcloud, click on the song and then select share. A popup appears with three tabs. Select the embed tab and copy the code displayed. The track ID is the string of numbers inbetween the tracks and '&'  ( e.g api.soundcloud.com/tracks/268924575&). 

		After getting the track ID, go to the Main.js file for the main page. On line 190 is a list of lists titled marker_objects. Each sublist in this list represents a point on the map. To add a new point you must create a new sublist. The sublist must contain 5 elements in the following order [latitude, longitude, SCtrackID, yearUploaded, imageURL].

	Change color of the marker Icons:

		I use webkit filters to change the color of the icons. To achieve this, each img is assigned a letter and number at the end of its URL(img[src^='http://ikidsawards.kidscreen.com/Content/images/dotCircle.png?j=0']). In this case the unique letter is j=0. The letter represents a unique year and the number after the letter is the image ID. To change the color, go to main.css and locate the styling labeled img[src^='http://ikidsawards.kidscreen.com/Content/images/dotCircle.png?j=']. This styling affects all the marks/ dots with the letter j(a particular year- in this case j is 2016). The letters are arbitrarily selected. To add more years edit the create_marker function on line 397 in main.js. This function uses if statements to assign a letter to the img url based on the year it has been assigned in the marker_objects list. Once you have added the new letter, go to main.css and create a new style for the letter you created.

	Adding Sidebar Menu Elements:
		Go to index.html of the main page. The file contains a div class called menu-wrap. All side bar items are sub divs that reside in this menu-wrap div.




